[md/mdx] More MDX to Markdown page (#1228)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.md

### Frontmatter `layout`

> In Astro, Markdown and MDX pages have a special frontmatter property for `layout` that defines the relative path to an Astro [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layouts). This component will wrap your Markdown content, providing a page shell and any other included page template elements.

Author: ```suggestion
Astro provides Markdown and MDX pages with a special frontmatter property for `layout` that defines the relative path to an Astro [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layouts). This component will wrap your Markdown content, providing a page shell and any other included page template elements.
```

> In Astro, Markdown and MDX pages have a special frontmatter property for `layout` that defines the relative path to an Astro [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layouts/). This component will wrap your Markdown content, providing a page shell and any other included page template elements.

Author: ```suggestion
In Astro, Markdown and MDX pages have a special frontmatter property for `layout` that defines the relative path to an Astro [layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layouts). This component will wrap your Markdown content, providing a page shell and any other included page template elements.
```

```markdown {6} 
---
// src/pages/page.md
title: "Astro v1 Launch!"
author: "Matthew Phillips"
date: "09 Aug 2022"

> layout: ../layouts/BaseLayout.astro

Author: I'm not sure that it matters, since it's highlighted... but I have no objections! I think a lot of legacy projects will have it at the top anyway.  ;)

> ---

Author: Just a quick shout out to @kylebutts' suggestion that there could be coordination between snippets! So, I added the properties here that are being shown in the layout component below. Thanks Kyle!  (And note to self to add the co-author cred manually!)

> ```json

Reviewer: In addition, this whole block would probably look cleaner if we remove the `"` around keys now that this _isn’t_ JSON?

{
  /** Frontmatter from a blog post **/
  "title": "Astro 0.18 Release",
  "date": "Tuesday, July 27 2021",
  "author": "Matthew Phillips",
  "description": "Astro 0.18 is our biggest release since Astro launch.",
  "draft": false,
  "keywords": ["astro", "release", "announcement"]

>   

Reviewer 2: Not sure if removing **/ was intentional, but originally this marked the end of the example post's frontmatter props.

Without the ending comment, we don't have any indication of the object properties that came from the Markdown frontmatter and the ones that are injected by Astro ( astro).

```suggestion
  **/
```

Author: Yes, I did this intentionally because someone was confused as to why they were commented out.

I was *hoping* that with this comment, and then because after all of these there was a subsequent `astro:` property, it would be obvious what was going on. But, maybe not? 😅

Reviewer 2: > I was hoping that with this comment, and then because after all of these there was a subsequent astro: property, it would be obvious what was going on. But, maybe not? 😅

oh, I totally didn't notice it was actually commenting out the lines 😅 (yup, my mind just forgot that comments, well, comment out code!)

For me it's clear and we don't need to be abundantly clear, but maybe it's better to be safe than sorry?

```suggestion
  /** Injected by Astro **/
```

Reviewer: I like Yan’s suggestion here to label the rest of this content.

Author: @Yan-Thomas I had to resolve conflics and this got lost. Would you put it back in to the code as it exists now, so it will be easy for me to co-author you?  😅

Reviewer 2: Sure, just a sec.

Reviewer 2: To be honest, @sarah11918, I think we don't need to change anything here anymore. The description of the properties and code sample (now that it is a JavaScript object) sounds a lot more clear to me.

Author: 🥳

You can customize how remark parses your Markdown in `astro.config.mjs`. See [the reference documentation](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#markdown-options) for full configuration details or follow our guides below on how to add remark plugins and customize syntax highlighting.

:::note[mdx]

> The instructions below are for configuring standard Markdown. To configure MDX plugin and frontmatter options, please see the relevant section in the [MDX integration guide](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/#configuration).

Author: ```suggestion
The instructions below are for configuring standard Markdown. To configure MDX plugins and frontmatter options, please see the relevant section in the [MDX integration guide](/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/#configuration).
```

    };
    ```

> ## Injecting frontmatter

Author: ```suggestion
### Injecting frontmatter
```

</html>
```

> ## Syntax Highlighting

Author: ```suggestion
### Syntax Highlighting
```
